Alright. So now let's go ahead and look at updating these lidar parameters.
Let's go into our lidar.h and then here,
we're just going to update the parameters.
So minDistance let's change that to five.
Let's increase the number of layers to eight.
Let's have a higher resolution for the horizontal angle increment here.
So Pi over 64 and the last thing to change is the noise.
Let's do that 0.2.
So if we go ahead and save that for lidar.h and then we go into our terminator.
So its home workspace go into build go ahead and make.
That environment.cpp includes that lidar.h header so all the updates will show up for it.
Now we can go ahead and do the environment and we have
a lot more laser rays and which is great
and a lot of these lasers are actually hitting the cars.
Cool. Yeah, you can definitely play around those lidar parameters and just
see how high resolution you can get for doing your lidar scanning using ray casting here.